yeah
one of the most consistent
comments that I get is how
adorable and strap penguins are
but every time you get near them
the very first thing that they
do is protect our food there
int Anchoress they tend to be
very aggressive and just eat the
food out of each other for
seemingly no reason
right now we're putting radio
tags on the Penguins to track
when the Penguins go out to find
food and when they come back
so if it's taking them a very
long time it means the
conditions out there are not
very good and that type of
information can help set
Marshall fishing limits and keep
ecosystem healthy for all of
these animals
yeah
once we're finished we'll take
them back to their colony and
they'll be released and totally
free to go back to eating their
neighbors or pooping of things
but as much as I complain about
them any day that I am out
working with penguins is a
really really wonderful day to
be able to make sure that
they're all healthy and happy
yeah
first you pups are too honey
but they are ferocious in their
own right